[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Well, good morning, everybody.
And welcome.
Thank you very much
for being here.
This is "Activating
the Temple of Light,
the Great Secret of the
Lost Rod and Ring of Jesus."
So we're going to be looking at
some very interesting material
today that encompasses a
lot of ancient material
about this lost rod and ring,
but also modern Nashville
as well.
We're going to tie
together these subjects
in a very extraordinary way.
I wanted to introduce this
presentation with a quote.
"No one lights a
lamp and puts it
in a place where it will
be hidden or under a bowl.
Instead, he puts it on its
stand so that those who come in
may see the light."
We're going to end our
day today at a light stand
in a sense, a
temple facility that
matches the ancient description
of the rod and ring that once
was attributed to Jesus but
which we're going to see
has a very, very ancient,
ancient pedigree.
I always like to begin with a
brief introduction about who
I am.
I call myself an
investigative mythologist.
This is sort of like being
an investigative journalist,
except my focus is mythology.
A traditional mythologist will
look at myth and scripture,
and they'll say, OK, there's
a literal understanding here.
There's a historical
understanding.
There's an allegorical,
symbolical understanding
in these texts.
There's also a
metaphorical understanding.
And very often, they'll
stop with those four
levels of interpretation.
But I've added a couple
other, additional levels.
I believe that
myth and scripture
are loaded with references
to ancient technology.
I also believe that
myth and scripture
are loaded with references to
an anatomical understanding,
a higher spiritual
functioning of the human body.
And it's become my
quest to understand
this coding about this
ancient technology
and the spiritual functioning
of the human body.
My logo comes from the
Egyptian god Osiris, who
was the god of Resurrection.
He was sort of a prototype for
Jesus, many scholars believe.
And what we see in
his hieroglyph here
is a gateway or a
shrine that is flanked
by two pillars or towers called
the TET pillars, power pillars.
We see another symbol
over here called
the Shuti pillar, which
has a serpent levitating
upon the pillar.
When we put those
symbols together,
we form a complete device
that the ancient Egyptians
called Osiris.
And I use that word
"device" very intentionally,
because when you
look up the word
"device" in the
dictionary, it says
that you're dealing with a
technology, with an appliance,
with a tool, and
also with a symbol.
Think of a heraldic
device, a heraldic symbol.
And so I believe that
this Osiris device
is all of those things.
My research reveals, anyway,
that Osiris was a tool.
It was an appliance.
It was a technology.
And it was also a symbol for
a whole host of sciences.
What we see on the left
is Isis tending Osiris.
And beside it is
a color rendition
of this done by my artistic
collaborator, Mr. Dana
Augustine.
And so we can see that
it looks on the surface
to be technological.
If it is, in fact, a
technology, a tool,
what function did
this device serve?
Well, the Egyptians
were very clear.
Osiris was called the
Tower-- the Tower.
And what Tower meant was the
bond between heaven and earth.
That was its function.
This device was the tree of
life, the ladder or stairway
to heaven, according
to the Egyptians.
That's what it did.
And so we have to imagine we're
dealing with a technology that
unites Heaven and Earth.
Here in this complete
rendition of Osiris
being operated by
Isis, which today
is in the Metropolitan Museum
of Art in New York City,
but which originally hung on
the wall at Abydos in Egypt,
we see an individual,
the pharaoh,
serving food to Osiris.
What this indicates
is that this tool had
a completely peaceful purpose.
They're not offering
dead bodies to it.
dead animals to it
like you see in other
shrines or other holy places.
They're offering
food to this device.
And it brings up a
very important point
when we're looking at
depictions such as this.
We have to factor
in the Babylonian
and the Egyptian concept of sin.
And I want to talk about
that just briefly here.
In the Babylonian doctrine of
sin, which came from Egypt,
they tell us that
these ancient temples,
which featured such imagery,
were not places of worship.
They were places where
people worked for the gods.
They were workshops.
And the work that humankind did
for the gods at these temple
workshops was we
served them food.
The catch was that
in order for humans
to serve food to the gods,
we had to be pure beings.
The gods didn't want to
eat contaminated food.
So they took a select
group of people, priests
and priestesses, and taught
them to become pure beings,
pure beings capable
of serving that food,
and then these pure beings
worked for the gods.
This work is actually
what alchemists later
called the Great
Work, the Magnum Opus,
the process of transmuting an
impure soul into a pure soul.
So it wasn't that we
literally serve them food.
It's that we worked
for the gods,
and in working for the gods,
we became gods ourselves
and became star
walkers with the gods.
Ina, Ezekiel, Elijah, John
the Baptist, Mary Magdalene,
Jesus are all figures who
studied in these temple
workshops and, in fact, became
servants of the greater god.
They became gods themselves.
The way that gods knew that
you weren't doing the work,
that you were not serving them,
was your hair turned gray.
You aged.
You weren't doing the
alchemical work that
made you an immortal being.
That was the definition of
sin-- not doing the work.
And then, of
course, Christianity
came along and totally
demolished this whole concept,
blew it up beyond
all recognition.
And no longer do we
work for the gods.
We worship a god in a
master-to-slave relationship.
And so that is the
critical understanding
that we have to begin to
view such imagery with.
When they are
serving food, these
are beings who are,
in effect, learning
to transform themselves
into gods themselves.
As we look at the
Osiris device, we
can see based on the
relative size of the people
that this device appears
to have been enormous.
If these figures standing
on top of this platform
are, say, 5 and
1/2 feet tall, it
looks like this device must
have stood a good 150 feet tall.
Or they're embellishing it with
this notion that, hey, this
is a godly device that
we're dealing with,
this tree of life, this bond
between Heaven and Earth.
In fact, in ancient
Egypt we do see
beings that appear to be
portrayed as giants carrying
a device that resembles the
biblical Ark of the Covenant.
And that is, I believe,
exactly what they are toting
in this scene right here.
And when we come back
to the Osiris device,
we can see that this platform
as a ringer for the Biblical
Ark of the Covenant.
In fact, I would suggest to
you that the biblical Ark
of the Covenant is derived from
the original Egyptian blueprint
based upon this Osiris device.
And as we pull
this detail, which
is an accurate reproduction
based on the Egyptian original,
we see these figures
operating this device.
It looks like it
must be rotating.
It looks like they're operating
a drill bit, like they're
drilling for oil or something.
We have a lord of light
with his ox or bull
on a platform attached
to the device.
And we have figures
standing back to back
at the base of the pillar.
Each of these back-to-back
figures-- one is night,
one is day.
And so here is the complete
rendition of the device,
the Ark of the Covenant
with this Shuti pillar,
or enlightenment
pillar, attached
to it that became the bond
between heaven and earth.
This device came
originally from Abydos.
The Abydos Temple
is located where
it is because of this
much, much older temple
site called the Osirion.
Researchers such as John
Anthony West and others
maintain that the Osirion is
an Atlantean temple complex.
It existed at least
12,000 years ago.
It may be as old
as 50,000 years.
And the reason why
the Osirion temple
is located where
it is in Egypt was
because they located
this former temple site.
You see these massive
red granite blocks,
a couple of hundred ton each?
How did they move
those things around?
And I'm standing
here to give you
an idea of the relative size
of these enormous red granite
blocks.
The Osirion is one of the,
if not the, most mysterious
place I've ever visited.
We see this massive,
colossal architecture
at only a couple of other places
in Egypt-- the Valley Temple
beside the Sphinx in Great
Pyramid, for example.
And again, researchers, Robert
Schoch, John Anthony West,
say these temples are
pre-flood temples,
12,000 years old, if not older.
On the exterior
wall of the Osirion
as it butts up against the
modern-day temple of Abydos,
we see an amazing
scene here etched
onto the wall that features
the Shuti or enlightenment
pillar of Osiris.
This to me is like identifying
a corporate facility.
This is the mark of this
intergalactic corporation,
if you will.
It's like if you
leave Nashville,
you see a Ford Motor sign in
Nashville at a car dealership.
And you go to Detroit, you see
the same logo, you say, ah, OK,
it's the same organization.
And that's the way I tracked
this logo right here.
When I see it on a temple
wall at a workshop,
it says, OK, this is
the domain of those who
taught the secrets of Osiris.
And in fact, when we get
inside Abydos and also
at the Temple of Dendera,
we see another key example
of this Osiris device,
where now Isis and Nephthys
are operating it.
Always the women, the divine
feminine, that operated it.
We see the ark platform
that the pillar rests on.
And now at Dendera they've
added this ship of the gods.
This is the ark or bark
of the millions of years
that Osiris is going to
sail into eternity upon.
One of the hallmark
pieces of my research
is to compare the shape
of the ship of Osiris
with the way modern
science portrays
a wormhole, an intergalactic
transportation system
that can take you from
point A in the universe
to point B as if there's
nothing in between.
And the question is , what is a
modern depiction of a wormhole
doing attached to a device the
Egyptians called the Ladder
to Heaven, the bond
between Heaven and Earth?
The answer that I propose is
that this device was a particle
accelerator, a device
that modern science says
would be used to open stargates
in space and wormholes.
I challenge modern science
yet to say that that's not
what we're looking at.
That has to be what it is.
And of course,
modern science would
dismiss that notion as crazy,
but what I would suggest
is that, hey, those who
are interested in designing
these wormholes of
our future had better
go back and take a look at
some of this ancient imagery,
Atlantean or not, because
it's already laid out
for us in very explicit terms.
In fact, in the
Osiris myth, it was
said he entered the
tail of a great serpent,
was drawn through its body,
and came out through the mouth
as if born anew.
What if that serpent
is, in fact, a wormhole
that he entered the
tail of and came out
the mouth of the wormhole
on the other side?
These happened to be Cathar
drawings from southern France
A group of people
who claimed they
were taught a secret
religion and a symbol system
by Jesus and his followers that
is traced to the ancient world.
And I believe that what
we're looking at here
is a Cathar depiction
of a figure emerging
from the mouth of a wormhole.
What the Cathars
understood and what
we're going to discuss today
is that, contrary to the way
movies like "Contact" or
"Stargate" portray it,
you simply would not up and walk
through one of these gateways
or portals.
There was an incredible
mental, physical, spiritual,
and emotional preparation that
was undertaken preparatory
to entering the gate
of the gods and going
into the heavenly realms.
That is the work that we are
all intended to do in this life,
is to affect that
transformation so
that at the time of our enter
into the other world, when we
see that white light,
we know how to enter it
and how to navigate
the other realms.
My research reveals that
the serpent lifted by Moses
is this serpent of Osiris.
What Moses was
doing was updating
an ancient Egyptian technology.
Remember Moses was
trained in all the wisdom
of the Egyptians, according
to the Bible, which
covers a lot of ground, that
statement, trained in all
the wisdom of the Egyptians.
And he may even have been
bringing forward an Atlantean
technology if the chronology
attached to the Osiris device
is accurate, and
I believe it is.
Ishtar, the light of the world,
also operated a similar device.
We see Ishtar standing
beside a pillar mounted
to a Babylonian-style ziggurat
with the serpent entering into
or exiting from that pillar,
matching the Osiris device.
And she has her
satellite dish up on top.
Starts her morning out like
my mother, watches "The View,"
flips over to CNN, see what's
going on around the galaxy.
Jesus is also portrayed
with a device in his hand.
We call it the
cross-- the cross,
as in crossing spacetime.
He is lifting the mouth
of Leviathan, a serpent.
He is doing what
Osiris did, lifting
the mouth of a wormhole,
lifting the mouth
of a portal, a
gateway that enables
us to cross the heavens.
That's my interpretation
of this imagery.
This explains why the
Gnostics in Germany
portrayed Jesus on the cross
in a traditional crucifixion
scene, and they also portrayed
him as the serpent wound
around the pillar.
Christianity connects Jesus with
the serpent of wisdom of Moses.
And I believe that
we have to begin
to interpret this the
serpent imagery in light
of wormhole symbolism, that
what is being taught here
is a method of raising
our spiritual vibration
preparatory to entering
the gate of the gods.
What we're talking
about, of course,
is Kundalini, the
spiritual energy coiled
at the base of our spine.
And as it rises up
our chakras, as it
brings about
spiritual awakening,
in fact, enlightenment.
It puts us in a state
of bliss and joy.
If we're talking
about Kundalini,
we're talking about
the human body
as a conduit between an
earthly realm and a higher
spiritual vibration.
And this is what
leads me to apply
the human body, a meditating
woman, to the Osiris pillar.
We're all probably familiar
with the chakras, and we count,
one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, all good children
go to heaven.
The idea is that our body is,
in fact, the stairway to heaven.
So it is not at all a leap to
apply this imagery to the body.
The Egyptians did not
have a word for chakra.
As best we can tell, they
were not aware of the chakras.
But I think that we can
still apply this imagery
to the Osiris device and
begin to view our human body
from the soul's
perspective as a ladder
or stairway to heaven, with
the first three chakras
being the Ark of the Covenant.
The reason why
archeologists can't
find the Lost Ark
of the Covenant
is because they're sitting
on it all the time.
The enlightenment
pillar that's attached
to the Ark of the Covenant
is our spinal cord system.
The two tablets up on top of
the pillar, which are likely
the two tablets that
Moses brought down
from Sinai on his first
trip, are the two hemispheres
of our brain.
And what this imagery
encodes is a blueprint
for the enlightenment
of the human body
preparatory to entering
the gate of the gods.
What is actually activated
in these teachings
is not necessarily flesh.
What is activated, enlightened,
or made extraordinary,
in fact, say
alchemists, is what they
describe as a solar drop,
an indestructible drop,
a seed atom within
us that is perceived
as a drop of molten gold.
Here I compare a Hubble image of
a galaxy beside a human embryo
and when we plug in thoughts,
"as above, so below,"
"as within, so
without" law, we can
see a perfect match between
the human embryo and a galaxy
as seeds of potential,
as seeds of life in fact.
This seed atom, this
soul drop within us,
is that which persists from
incarnation to incarnation.
It is the nucleus that grows
the vehicles, including
this vehicle, that are
necessary for incarnation.
From our divine spark grows
the incorruptible star body,
light body, that is the goal
of the great work, the Magnum
Opus, which is gold-making,
taking an impure metal
and turning into gold,
but it's also god-making.
That is the work that we are
intended to do in this realm,
to work for the gods to
transform ourselves into,
in fact, a god-like being.
And by god, I'm not necessarily
meaning a dirty old white man
sitting on a throne
with a long beard
getting ready to judge your ass.
I'm thinking it's an
energy, a vibration,
a higher-frequency being,
something that may be even
beyond our imagination.
And we certainly
need to dismiss many
of these controlling and
manipulated, manipulative
images that we
have of the deity,
because they no longer serve us.
So again, this divine
drop, this solar drop,
is the gold within
of the alchemists,
but it's also the god
within, the deity within.
And if you've never
thought about this concept,
this is a very good place
to begin to connect with it.
Just think in terms
that this is a vehicle.
This body is a
stairway to heaven
from the soul's perspective,
from our divine drop's
perspective.
And it's up to us
to try to connect
with that essence that
survives from incarnation
to incarnation.
I recently came upon an amazing
quote by Terence McKenna.
He says, "We are like
caterpillars contemplating
pupation.
No longer will I chew
on the cabbage leaves.
No longer will I spend
my time moving around
on the underside of the foliage.
Life must be a preparation for
transition to another dimension
Life must be a
preparation for transition
to another dimension, and what
a great time to be alive today,
where modern science,
theoretical physicists
are telling us we live
in a universe that
has at least 10 dimensions.
We're understanding
parallel universes now.
We're talking about wormholes.
We're talking about all
these incredible concepts
that excite the soul.
And that's why this is such
an amazing time to be here.
We are preparing ourselves
for life in another dimension.
So I want to switch gears now
with that basic understanding
and move towards talking about
what I call the Rod of Jesus.
To pick up where we left off,
the word "tower" in Egypt
means the bond between
Heaven and Earth.
It's the same meaning as the
Sumerian word "Dur.An.Ki."
Dur.An.Ki means bond between
Heaven and Earth as well.
According to Zecharia Sitchin,
the artificially raised
platform atop
Jerusalem's Mount Moriah,
which is the place where
Osama bin Laden would
like to find the Ark of the
Covenant, march into Jerusalem,
wipe out all the Jews, and
transform us all into Muslims.
Well, at the same time, we
have a president of the United
States who would like to
find the Ark of the Covenant,
march into Jerusalem,
set up that throne,
and wipe out all
the other infidels
and make everybody a Christian.
Coincidental that we have
these two crazy people
on the planet at exactly
the same time who
are trying to wipe
everybody out so they
can find the Ark of the
Covenant, which they're
sitting on, and
then go to Jerusalem
and proclaim themselves God.
Oh, come on.
They forget about everything
in ancient history
that goes along with this.
And that's where
we're picking up here.
Again, according to
Sitchin, gods, the Annunaki,
as they were called
in ancient Samaria,
came to Earth from the heavens.
And they set up a facility
atop Mount Moriah.
It had once been the location
of a facility constructed
by ancient beings known
as the shining ones,
the enlightened ones, the
illumined ones, the Annunaki.
And they called this
facility the Dur.An.Ki,
the bond between
Heaven and Earth.
Sitchin believes
that the Dur.An.Ki
functioned as an antenna.
This is the way Masons portray
Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem.
When they talk about
building the third temple
in the near future,
as they're talking
about in kickstarting World
War III, as is their goal,
they often forget
that Solomon's Temple
had this massive
tower in front of it,
this massive tower that was
built at the time of Jesus.
It stands around 180
feet tall, this tower.
I find it very
remarkable that that
happens to match almost
precisely the height
the pillar of Osiris.
And what I wonder
is if it's possible
that this Dur.An.Ki, this
bond between Heaven and Earth,
was brought to Earth
by these shining ones
and originally placed
atop Mount Moriah,
today the site of Solomon's
Temple in Jerusalem.
It so happens that this tower
in front of Solomon's Temple
matches the same height and
it's also lined with gold.
It's either a
conductor of some kind,
because gold is known
as a superconductor,
or that tower is
meant as a sleeve
to hide something that
is concealed within.
I actually think that tower
functioned for both purposes.
It was designed as this bond
between Heaven and Earth.
And when we see Jesus
in typical depictions
at the Temple of Solomon--
well, wait a minute.
Have you ever seen
a depiction of Jesus
at the Temple of Solomon?
I haven't.
That's his natural habitat
during his lifetime,
but you never see depictions of
Jesus operating in the temple.
If you did, you would see this
massive, honking tower standing
in front of it.
And then from the time
you're in Sunday school,
you'd be going, what's that?
What's that tower?
Very important piece of history
that just isn't talk about.
And it's not talked about
because I think people
don't understand what it is.
Students of
Judeo-Christianity prophecy
claim that when Jeshua
returns at the end time,
he will set up his throne
in Jerusalem once again.
And again, this is Osama
bin Laden's whole gig.
He believes he's the Mahdi.
He's the Islamic
messiah who's going
to work with Jesus the prophet,
according to the Quran,
and wipe out all the infidels
and then march into Jerusalem
and build this thing again.
At this time, it's thought
that the prophet Elijah will
return the rod, a branch
from the tree of life,
to the Messiah.
So not only are they looking
for the Ark of the Covenant,
if they know what
they're doing, which
I'm not convinced
they do, they're also
looking for the rod of the
Messiah, the branch that
grew on the tree of
life, which I think
of as sort of a remote control.
If the Osiris device is the
tree of life, then the branch,
I think, is sort of like
my remote control here.
It can operate the
device, and it might even
have some of the similar
capabilities of it.
Think of an iPod.
An iPod, you can watch
a movie on an iPod.
Or you can hook it up to
your computer and download
movies or music or whatever.
It has similar functions
on a smaller scale.
And that's what I think this
rod of the Messiah actually is.
This is a fourth century
Coptic Christian depiction
of Jesus with his rod
and his ring, his two
key pieces of technology
that were then
taken out of his hands.
And he's just simply
shown waving his hand,
performing his miracles.
But in example after example
of early Christian art,
he had this rod and
ring in his hand.
It's funny to me that
there are two forms
of particle accelerators that
we build today-- rods and rings.
So here's a
second-century depiction
of Jesus from the
Vatican museum of Rome,
raising Lazarus from the dead.
What do we note?
First of all, short
hair, no beard,
raising Lazarus with a Harry
Potter wand in his hand,
Mary Magdalene
anointing his feet.
Rome, 150 AD--
earliest witnesses,
they who were around at
about the same time as Jesus,
made this depiction--
short hair, no beard,
raising Lazarus with
a magic wand, a rod.
150 AD, Rome-- short
hair, no beard,
raising Lazarus
with a rod or wand.
What's wrong with these people?
There's nothing wrong
with these people.
I think they knew exactly what
was utilized in these miracles.
Jesus transmuting
the loaves of bread,
multiplying the
loaves of bread--
short, curly hair; no
beard; Harry Potter wand.
Same thing here-- over and over
again in the first depictions
of Jesus, he is portrayed
in exactly the same way.
These are either copycat
images or they're
providing a revelation of the
original Christian teaching.
Jesus, Mary Magdalene,
the wedding at Cana,
probably their wedding,
because the dude
that is getting married is the
dude that provides the wine.
So when Mary says,
hey Jesus, your guests
are out of wine, bingo.
What that's saying to
researchers is he's the groom.
Mary Magdalene is the bride.
And here they are.
And so what does he do?
He says, well, let's
go get that wand.
We gotta turn water into
wine for our guests.
And so here is Jesus with
his Harry Potter wand
with six water pots
plus a seventh.
Those are symbolic of our
energy bodies, of our chakras.
The water turned into wine
is the water of our body.
The wine is the
heavenly substance
in all ancient traditions.
What he is teaching people
to do at his wedding at Cana
is transform themselves
into beings of light.
It has nothing to do with taking
H2O and turning it into vino.
That's just something
we've got to get a hold of.